Add video stats overlay and right-click context menu (#867)
bitmovin/bitmovin-player-ui: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - New `UIConfig.cea608SmallPlayerHeightThreshold` option (default `360`) to configure the rendered player height threshold at or below which small-player CEA-608 caption adjustments are applied

Reviewer: We don't touch existing changelog entries and just add new entries. This helps with merge conflicts if other PRs are merged in the meantime.

> - `DebugInfoOverlay`: a small "stats for nerds"-style overlay that shows live playback diagnostics. Hidden by default; opens via the new context menu. Lines rendered (when the source exposes them):

Reviewer: I'd prefer to write the top level changelog entry in a more general way:

```suggestion
- A new `DebugInfoOverlay` component to display a small "stats for nerds"-style overlay that shows live playback diagnostics. Hidden by default; opens via the new context menu. Lines rendered (when the source exposes them):
```

> - `DebugInfoOverlay`: a small "stats for nerds"-style overlay that shows live playback diagnostics. Hidden by default; opens via the new context menu. Lines rendered (when the source exposes them):

Reviewer: We usually don't include this level of details in the changelog. The information that unavaiable values are not rendered is a component detail not really relevant here.

```suggestion
- `DebugInfoOverlay`: a small "stats for nerds"-style overlay that shows live playback diagnostics. Hidden by default; opens via the new context menu. Supported insights:
```

  - Playback / downloaded video and audio bitrate + codec (e.g. `Video: 1920×818@24 6.21 Mbps (avc1.4d4028)` with a `↓` line for the downloaded variant when ABR has switched)
  - Decoded resolution → rendered element size (catches up/down-scaling)

>   - Color primaries / transfer characteristics parsed from AV1 / VP9 codec strings per ITU-T H.273 (omitted on AVC / HEVC, which don't encode color)

Reviewer: I think `Color primaries` is super misleading here. If someone isn't familliar with the implementation one could think what is the relation to colors here.

  - Video and audio buffer length in seconds

>   - Dropped frames

Reviewer: Do we need to indicate Web only features?

```suggestion
  - Dropped frames (Web player only)
```

  - Current time, duration, playback speed
  - Live latency (`X.XXs behind edge`) on live sources
  - Available quality counts and codec families (e.g. `Video codecs: avc1, hevc, av01`)
  - DRM systems, manifest URL (truncated), stream type + player type, player version
  - Refreshes every 1 s while playing plus on quality / seek / source events; the timer pauses while the overlay is hidden.

>   - Survives the controls auto-hide (reparented to the player container, not the UI container, so it stays visible when the rest of the UI fades out).

Reviewer: Hopefully 😅 I wouldn't include this information at all.

>   - Text is selectable and selections survive refresh ticks (writes are skipped while a selection is active inside the overlay).

Reviewer: This is not true on iOS. We disabled text selection.

- `PlayerContextMenu`: a right-click context menu shown over the player with:
  - Bitmovin Player heading + subtitle, Player and UI versions, "About Bitmovin" link.
  - "Show / Hide video stats" toggle (label flips with the overlay state).
  - "Copy source" — current `player.getSource()` as JSON.
  - "Copy player config" — current `player.getConfig()` as JSON.
  - "Copy debug info" — a single JSON snapshot (timestamp, page URL, user agent, player + UI version, source URLs + DRM systems, full playback state, current quality with parsed color, audio, available codecs, track / quality counts) for sharing in support tickets.
  - Clipboard writes use `navigator.clipboard.writeText` with a textarea + `execCommand('copy')` fallback for insecure-context / unfocused-document cases.
  - `role="menu"` on the container, `role="menuitem"` on each action button.
  - Reparented into `document.fullscreenElement` when present, otherwise `<body>`, so the menu stays visible in native fullscreen.
  - Right-clicking on the `<video>` element itself is skipped so the browser's native video context menu (Save video as, Picture-in-Picture, …) keeps working.

>   - Localized strings refresh when the UI language changes.

Reviewer: This is too detailed. Please remove them.

- "Player Info & Video Stats" settings-panel row added to the small-screen layout (touch / mobile / WebView) — opens the same context menu centered over the player, since right-click isn't reachable without a mouse. Full-width tappable row with hover / focus styling, `role="menuitem"`, `tabindex=0`, and keyboard `Enter` / `Space` activation.
- `UIConfig.disableDebugUi`: opt-out flag that removes the entire debug surface (right-click `PlayerContextMenu`, `DebugInfoOverlay`, and the "Player Info & Video Stats" settings-panel row) from the default and small-screen layouts. Use this in production deployments where the debug surface should not be exposed to end users. Default `false`.

> - New localization keys (added to `en.json`; non-English vocabularies fall back to English via the existing `I18n#initializeVocabulary` merge): `videoStats.title`, `videoStats.show`, `videoStats.hide`, `contextMenu.title`, `contextMenu.subtitle`, `contextMenu.about`, `contextMenu.copySource`, `contextMenu.copyConfig`, `contextMenu.copyDebugInfo`, `contextMenu.copied`, `settings.playerInfo`.

Reviewer: This is to detailed. Please remove this entry
